lalaki si sir norle
he is a man
sino an Matibay sa pag program
sino an Mabuot man
mabuot
maayu mag tukdo
Matibay mag programming
Matibay sa programming
Permi absent
sir Norle Magcayan
Norle
Magcayan
sir norle
teacher norle
sir magcayan
teacher magcayan
proffessor magcayan
proffesor justine
Norle T. Magcayan
Minsan di ako naka gets  san discussion  nya pero goods la kay naiintindihan  man habang ga dugay. Goods man si sir mag hatag grade di Naga pan bagsak haha. Kaastig din ni sir kay matibay sya sa coding
Astigon maghatag grade waran Tres ky gin Dos lang gaud ! Pero gwapo man si sir pwedi na Aw! HAHAHA pirme kaso gina mingaw sa iya S.A kan mini Anave 😂
matibay sa tanan na bagay
he is very good at programming
he is always late and sometimes absent
opaw an ulo
dili kami nakakasabay pag naga tukdo tungkol sa programming
pagtapos pag pakita san video ma pa quiz dayon
minsan lang tumukdo
may klaro pa minsan pero paminsan wara
mabout na tawo
damo na nahimo na project about software application
para inom 
nakikita namon na naga inom sa labas banda sa boulevard
sometimes he drink some alcohol
Sir Norle Magcayan is a man who is very skilled in programming.
He is known for being very good at coding and programming.
His students consider him to be very kind and helpful in their learning.
He is always willing to teach and guide his students in the right direction.
Despite being a great teacher, he is sometimes absent, which can be a challenge for his students.
His teaching style can be challenging to understand, but he is patient and explains things well.
He is also known for being strict when necessary, but this is only to help his students succeed.
Sir Norle is very proficient in software application development, having created many successful projects in the past.
His students appreciate that he is a good grader and doesn't fail anyone easily.
He is a teacher who is always willing to help his students learn and grow.
Sir Norle is very talented and dedicated to his craft, which is evident in his teaching style.
He has a good reputation among his colleagues and is respected in the academic community.
Although he is always busy, he makes time for his students, and they appreciate him for it.
Sir Norle is an excellent mentor who has helped many students achieve their goals.
He is a reliable teacher who always shows up and provides his students with quality education.
